Updates README (#8611)
electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib: README.md

</h1>

<p align="center">

> A real time and historical visualisation of the electricity grids around the world.<br>

Author: Maybe something more like this instead?
```suggestion
A real time and historical visualisation of electricity data around the world.<br>
```

Reviewer: I like it, should highlight price specifically with something like?:

```suggestion
A real time and historical visualisation of electricity data and prices around the world.<br>
```

Might be too much tho? But if that is a focus we are going towards it makes sense?

## Frequently asked questions

> 

Reviewer: Not a bad idea to bring this back properly though?

Not sure if it can sync with the help articles in some way?
